feat(core): support modifiers=other🙀 (#11118)
keymanapp/keyman: core/src/ldml/C7043_ldml.md

  by the compiler.
- `mod`: 32-bit bitfield defined as below. Little endian values.

|  Value   | Meaning   |`kmx_file.h`        | Comment                                       |
|----------|-----------|--------------------|-----------------------------------------------|
|  0x0000  | `none`    |                    | All zeros = no modifiers                      |
|  0x0001  | `ctrlL`   | `LCTRLFLAG`        | Left Control                                  |
|  0x0002  | `ctrlR`   | `RCTRLFLAG`        | Right Control                                 |
|  0x0004  | `altL`    | `LALTFLAG`         | Left Alt                                      |
|  0x0008  | `altR`    | `RALTFLAG`         | Right Alt                                     |
|  0x0010  | `shift`   | `K_SHIFTFLAG`      | Either Shift                                  |
|  0x0020  | `ctrl`    | `K_CTRLFLAG`       | Either Control                                |
|  0x0040  | `alt`     | `K_ALTFLAG`        | Either Alt                                    |
|  0x0100  | `caps`    | `CAPITALFLAG`      | Caps lock                                     |

> |  0x10000 | `default` | `K_DEFAULTMODFLAG` | Default (not used in conjunction with others) |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|  0x10000 | `default` | `DEFAULT_MODIFIER` | Default (not used in conjunction with others) |
```

Author: per your other discussion it should be n/a here because it can't be used in kmx_file.h
